My name is Richard Odendaal,
and I'm the Managing Director of AGS
Support Facilities Limited.
AGS Support Facilities Ltd is a business
that provides two bespoke solutions
into supported housing.
The first one is a concierge
and safeguarding service, which covers
our customers' homelessness,
accommodation properties
overnight and on weekends
when the support workers go home.
The second service
we offer is more of a recruitment offering
whereby we place staff
on temporary contracts to cover day shifts
such as support workers
recovery workers, reception
staff, etc..
We decided some time ago
that we wanted to make a change
to our fleet of vehicles
within our business.
So we approached Barclays
who were very helpful in helping us fund
some new electric vehicles.
Several benefits
we've noticed since moving across to
electric vehicles are the tax incentives
available for companies
who switch to electric vehicles
or fleets of electric vehicles.
The other thing
for us was obviously lowering our carbon
footprint and becoming more sustainable
as a business in terms of our CO2
emissions, etc..
Having been in business for 25 years,
I believe that business is all
about relationships.
Reciprocal relationships is obviously
the type of relationship you want,
but we're very, very fortunate to have
that sort of relationship with Barclays.
Our Relationship Manager
at Barclays is very responsive,
always available when we need them.
I believe that we all need
to make little changes to try
and protect our future
in terms of being more sustainable,
such as driving EVs,
switching the way we power our home
and just making little
changes across the board.
Sustainability doesn't need to be an insurmountable
challenge for businesses.
Our suggestion would be looking at it
in bite size chunks
and all the little changes
that you can make, make a difference.